(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
-Good morning.
-OFFICER: Hey, how's it goin', Danny?
Who called in the DOA?
And don't tell me it's that big queen.
The body's over here.
Looks like it's been dumped.
We got her. DOA got a name?
There's ID in her wallet
for an Elvira Iglesias.
How in the hell's a guy like that figure
he's got a future as a female whore?
Yeah, he must've had a very poor
guidance counselor.
Uh... You found the body?
I will never look down another
excavation hole.
(SIGHS) Thank God, she wasn't face up,
or else I’d have died on the spot,
from the shock.
-DIANE: Hmm.
-Who is it? Do you know?
Uh... There's some ID on the body
for Elvira Iglesias.
-That's Elvie? Oh, my God.
-What was Elvie's story?
-She's a Pisces, if that'd help.
-Oh. Yeah. That's a place to start.
15th squad, standin' by.
OFFICER: (OVER RADIO)
Transferring your command.
-DANNY: Ten-four, boss.
-Fancy wants you and me back at the house.
-DANNY: Why?
-I don't know. Let me tell them.
I wish I had your figure, honey.
-Do you work out?
-Aerobics, punch the bag.
Some of my tricks, they have me
throw 'em around a little.
Maybe if I got methodical about that.
(CHUCKLES)
Fancy wants me and him back at the house.
You wanna, uh, take a look at Elvie
for us, Topaz?
No. Thank you very much.
It's already been a full mornin'.
All right. Okay.
-Jill and you are gonna take this?
-Yeah. What's it look like?
Uh, big bruise above her left eye.
No ligature marks.
-I didn't get under the dress.
-Anything else in the wallet?
Uh, no. Just the one piece
of Social Security ID.
Either they had her in a car
and dumped her here,
or someone on one of those upper floors
oughta be pitchin' for the Yankees.
Excuse me! Uh... Do you suppose
I could possibly get a lift?
-(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
-(CAR HORN HONKING)
-Thank you so much.
-Don't speak to me.
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(MUSIC CONCLUDES)
Thanks, John.
How's it goin'?
This is Lieutenant Graham
from the 2‐7. Danny Sorenson.
Lieutenant. How's it goin', Sarge?
-It's Detective Dornan.
-What happened?
BILL:
Oh, that's what it's about, Sipowicz.
Thought I’d come up here
and let you know I was demoted,
and bring my new boss to keep me company.
Maybe if we talked
about what we are here for...
(INHALES) Detective Dornan
made a collar in the 2-7.
The perp puts at least four crates
of weapons
in the apartment where he bought his gun.
The supplier's apartment
is in our precinct?
-Yeah.
-Probably not right
pushing off collaring the suppliers
on you guys to work by yourselves.
Absolutely.
Detective Dornan should work the warrant.
I was talking
about the supervisory presence.
Sure, boss.
-Lieutenant, want to supervise a warrant?
-No, Lieutenant Fancy's probably busy.
No. I'll supervise.
I guess you don't learn
from your mistakes, do you, Dornan?
You know us colored folks, slow learners.
Dornan, what the hell is goin' on?
-You gonna ask me that, Sipowicz?
-Meanin' what?
You're lucky
I don't throw you out that window.
-You don't think I can do it?
-Take it easy, Sarge.
Oh, you gonna get in my face too,
you little pisspot?
Don't call him "Sarge."
Oh, I'll throw you
through the same window.
-Oh, yeah?
-I'll put the both of you
-through it at the same time.
-Dornan!
-We're gonna get on this?
-Yeah. Let's get on it.
(DOOR CLOSING)
(TELEPHONE RINGING IN DISTANCE)
Where we goin'?
-I thought we'd get a cup of coffee.
-I thought we're goin' to work.
-No. I'm gonna get a cup of coffee.
-I'll wait right here.
Actually, I'm gonna get some tea.
-What? Were ya pickin' up desk supplies?
-Andy, I thought you come in here to piss.
Did you hear what he accused me of, huh?
This... this arrogant Dornan.
He had an accusatory tone.
I didn't take his exact reference.
I took his reference, believe me.
He's gonna throw me through a window?
-You were good about that.
-What?
You were good, not jumpin' back at him,
knowin' that he was just venting.
There's venting,
and there's breaking balls.
This is about the Suarez case
that he thinks I got him to reopen.
That case your wife worked?
Him takin' that second look
was his choice, Dornan.
I asked him, yes.
But did he not turn me down once?
-And was I ready to let it sit?
-DANNY: Was that how it went?
He turns me down, not trustin'
on the basis I passed some... some remark
to a panhandler seven years before,
was he collecting
for the United Negro Pizza Fund?
Fine. Fine.
Beautiful, let's leave it right there.
-That's how you answered Dornan?
-That's exactly how I answered Dornan,
an attitude to that effect.
Off his own conscience,
several weeks later,
Dornan comes back to me
that he'd reconsidered,
maybe Suarez was a fall guy, huh?
Any risks, with the job that
that guy took of reopenin' a cleared case,
those are on him, pal! Those are on him!
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
You did that cheese-eater a solid,
correct?
-Martens?
-I hope you're not gonna turn out
to be slow on the uptake.
(CLEARS THROAT) Yeah,
I did do Martens of IAB a solid, Andy.
It had to be IAB that looked at Dornan.
Martens, that you did a solid for,
he could tell you
why Dornan got demoted.
Well, shall I call Martens this minute?
I can hand Dornan the phone
and let him ask.
(SIGHS)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(DOOR CLOSING)
Can we please get the hell to work?
(SIGHS)
I'm not taking crap all day
'cause you got busted back from sergeant.
Yeah, you're welcome.
Dornan, hold off tellin' me
what a big favor you did
puttin' me in on this case
until the next CompStat meeting.
When the chiefs ask ten different ways
if I'd pulled an end run
to make myself look good,
'cause you know that's the stink
Graham will put on this.
The stink he's gonna put on it,
we thought, Black instead of blue.
You're pissed off, 'cause as far
as you go, for 30 seconds, he was right.
The elevator down, Dornan?
It doesn't have to stop at detective.
Gonna reach out and get back to me,
Martens.
Powwow's over.
-Can I help you?
-It's for my daughter.
-Your name?
-But not if she's been arrested.
-Mrs. Iglesias?
-You're the one that called?
I'm Diane Russell. You're Elvie's mother?
I ain't having no part
of her being arrested.
No. Uh... She's not arrested.
So, if she was arrested, how come
she wouldn't have called me herself?
Yeah. Uh...
This is my partner, Jill Kirkendall.
How do you do?
So, what's it about?
-Why don't we go in the coffee room?
-JILL: Okay.
I reported her missing, six months ago.
The clock is running on that.
Have a seat.
Sweet coffee?
-Sure.
-DIANE: Here ya go.
So you, um...
you haven't seen your daughter
for six months?
Applied to the court, there's no set time
when they admit she's dead.
-Uh-huh.
-Mrs. Iglesias...
Her godmother made her
a 5,000-dollar term insurance
when Elvie got christened.
Two dollars all those months.
And when Lucinda died seven months ago,
I've been keeping up with those payments,
no matter what, I needed that money for.
Generally, it takes two years
till they declare 'em dead.
Anyways, my partner needs
to show you something.
What is it?
I need you to look at some
photographs, Mrs. Iglesias.
I'm afraid of what you're gonna show me.
Is it to do with Elvie?
I'd like you to tell me if you recognize
the girl in these pictures.
I got no choice, do I?
You need me to do it.
(SOFTLY) Yeah.
(SIGHS) I'm ready.
It's her! It's Elvie!
-All right, Mrs. Iglesias.
-(GRUNTS) Oh, yeah. She's gone!
(WAILS)
It's definitely her! (SIGHS DEEPLY)
Oh... (PANTS)
Was she sellin' herself in the street?
We're still trying
to put her story together.
-(GASPS) Because that's why I put her out.
-JILL: You filed a missing person's report
on Elvie
after putting her out of your place?
I put her to a wayward juvenile home
because she was selling herself.
Then she lived with me
until she disappeared.
-We got a lot closer.
-Anyway...
-This is her?
-Sure it is.
You wanna look at the other pictures?
Sure.
I will.
Oh...
-She took some beating.
-Mm-hmm.
Make sure you catch the bastard
did this to her.
Then they'll issue the death certificate.
Police! Freeze!
Everybody, get on your feet!
Everybody, put your hands up!
OFFICER 1: Police! Police!
Clear!
-OFFICER 2: Clear!
-OFFICER 3: Roof clear!
Clear here!
Don't look like they used this place
for nothin' but stashin' these weapons.
My informant says the guy's here
sellin' it by noon.
Greg and James, take the cars,
go around back,
and secure both the entrances.
-Okay, boss.
-Thanks to ESU,
we're gonna sit on this for a while.
Check out all the firepower.
Lots of weaponry out of the hands
of the evildoers.
It's gonna look good on your résumé.
ME's squeezin' shoes?
(SIGHS) Why do we want fingerprint IDs
off the DOA's body
-if the mother already ID'd the photos?
-(SCOFFS) He didn't meet the mother.
-Elvie Iglesias?
-Do you have information about her?
Yeah. You could say I got information.
-Can I help you?
-Um... I just heard I was dead.
-What's your name?
-Elvie Iglesias.
A girlfriend on the street told me
I got murdered?
-I wanna tell you where to put my remains.
-You havin' a good time with this, Elvie?
A DOA we found today had ID of yours.
You wanna make your life a lot simpler,
-you tell us what you know about that.
-You don't gotta threaten me.
I come up to do my responsible duty.
That Joanie Yanez must've gone
through my wallet
when we was doin' laundry or so forth.
-And the dead girl's prolly her.
-Why'd she want your ID?
Next prostitution collar on her own name,
she do time for habitual.
So, you sold her yours?
I don't know about selling. All's I know,
either it's Joanie you found,
or she sold my ID to someone else.
That's Joanie. (SMACKS LIPS)
And this is Jimmy Chavez did this to her.
Been beating Joanie
trying to intimidate her.
-Why?
-ELVIE: So she'd let him peddle her stuff.
Jimmy is the half-ass, wannabe pimp
and a no-good prick that killed Joanie.
Prolly. I'll tell you where to look.
Why would your mother tell us
this was you?
Wishful thinking.
One time I was tryin' to get
this perp back to his place...
"What, you ain't got
no daytime phone number for him?"
"Well, I’m his neighbor,
and I gotta get in touch with him."
"Oh... oh, so you got the number,
but you don't trust me with it."
"All right, All right.
Well, if you his friend,
"you better call, tell him
to check on his place,
'cause I hear somebody
breakin' in that bad boy."
(CHUCKLES) That brought him back.
Where'd you learn to talk like that?
-At my father's knee.
-I thought you had money.
My mother worked at the post office.
My father mostly hung out drinkin'.
How'd you get an education?
(SIGHS)
My mother always talked up education.
That's right. Same as mine.
I guess she put it in my head,
that's what I wanted.
Took me seven years to get my BA.
Working as a uniform cop,
livin' in fear if I quit night school,
she'd go upside my head.
Senior year in high school, I used to hire
a kid to write my English papers for me.
You write a good report now.
First years on this job,
I, uh, I used to pick my partners
by who knew how to type.
Police!
(CROWD CLAMORING)
FEMALE VOICE: Look out!
(WILLIS GRUNTS)
-Cuffs!
-(WILLIS GROANS)
15 squad to central!
-Ten-13. Officer shot! 1622, third street!
-(GROANS)
We need a bus
and additional units forthwith!
Now, you hit anywhere else
other than the vest?
-I think, I took one in the arm.
-BILL: Okay.
(PANTS) This'll look great on my résumé.
I'm all right. (PANTS) I'm all right.
No, no. Don't come to the apartment.
I'd... I'd rather you brought it
to the station house. Um...
Henry, you sure this isn't something
you'd be as comfortable dropping
in the mail?
Okay. Mm-hmm.
Till around 6:00. Mm-hmm.
(EXHALES) Henry Coffield.
That moley guy manages
that building Bobby got left?
He wants to see you?
He has some documents
relating to Bobby's birds.
I mean, Bobby did leave him his birds.
That Henry didn't strike me
as the pigeon-flying type.
Bobby kinda liked him.
He always made me think of Woody Allen.
-Is... is this the wrong place?
-Uh... Who are you looking for?
They said come upstairs.
Do I keep on going up?
I'm Diane Russell.
You left this for my son, Jimmy.
Jimmy Chavez.
Why don't you come in and have a seat?
Is it truthful about the auto accident?
Th... that's what you want
to talk to him for?
Do you know where Jimmy is, Mrs. Chavez?
Because once it was a message
if he was injured in a...
a subway accident, but then
when he comes in, it wasn't about that.
He was arrested for a beating he did
and a... and a robbery he did.
Irregardless, I have something else
I am afraid of.
(ZIPPER OPENING)
MRS. CHAVEZ: This was at the bottom
of a duffel bag he's got.
-I was going to do his wash.
-Do you know where that blood came from?
From him doing wrong.
I learned this in my prayers.
I can't allow it.
No more.
We'll see if the blood on your son's shirt
matches any crimes we're investigating.
-Do you know Joanie Yanez?
-Jimmy went to school with her.
Uh... Her mother brought her over
for Jimmy to catch chicken pox.
Has he seen her recently? Do you know?
A couple of months ago,
he... he said he ran into her.
Did he get her into trouble, too?
-I would never ever, ever shoot a cop.
-Yeah, never say never, huh, asshole?
Someone was bustin' in down the hall.
Thought it was a robbery.
I took a couple of drinks,
I knew what I had to do.
Make sure that's not an act.
-ANDY: Come on.
-(WILLIS PANTING)
-Don't let 'em do nothin' to me.
-Don't worry, brother.
No hard feeling you tried to kill me.
I'll get back to ya.
-What the hell happened out there?
-You mean, how am I?
I mean, how does a guy
come through the door
in a supposedly secure building
and start throwing shots?
The building was secured.
The shooter came from another apartment.
Get out from behind my desk.
And why wasn't the door secured?
ESU ripped the locks off taking it down.
You question my tactics one more time,
and I'm kickin' your ass.
STEVE: In about 30 seconds,
you're gonna be wishing
you could talk about tactics.
You can imagine how much tolerance we got,
anything out of you, we think is bogus.
-You do what you did on your own?
-Totally on my own.
What's your connection
with that apartment?
-Just knowin' Keene.
-Oh, you and him are just neighbors?
-WILLIS: That's it.
-DANNY: Oh, and you're gonna risk
your life and not mind blowin' away
however many people
just bein' a good neighbor.
-(PANTS) I didn't know you guys was cops.
-Any possible burglary sounds
comin' out of your neighbor's apartments,
you come in guns blazing?
(DOOR KNOCKING)
-It's busy!
-ARTHUR: Open the door.
I didn't come in guns a-blazin'.
I... I just peeked my arm around.
Greg and James, do the interview.
-Greg and James, it wasn't my fault.
-(DOOR CLOSING)
-BILL: What's goin' on?
-My office.
Any hints?
What the hell is IAB in it for?
Nobody's done anything wrong.
-Oh, this is good.
-IAB probably figures
the boss may have been at fault
for taking those two in the vest.
We gotta take a look at this gun guy,
somehow getting a heads-up
-on what was gonna go down.
-Yeah, my usual rate sellin'
a perp advance notice is 50 bucks.
Hey, what are you askin' him for?
It was my information.
Anybody sold out the warrant,
it'd have been me.
Seems like he's talking
to you too, Dornan.
It wouldn't have to have been intentional.
Oh, we don't have to be on the take.
Maybe we're just idiots.
Did any of you have any outside contact
once you knew this was goin' down?
Knowing if I did, cops could get killed,
like almost happened,
in the half hour between hearin' about it
and us headin' out,
I did mention the upcoming operation
to several tradespeople,
concluding with my grocer.
JERRY: So, your statement would be
you had no such contact?
-ANDY: That would be correct.
-And that would also be your statement?
-Yeah, my statement also.
-You're smarter than this, Martens.
Maybe Martens is only up here
'cause someone's twistin' his arm.
-Come on. What do you have for me?
-The same I asked them.
-I put the whole thing together.
-ANDY: Come on, Dornan.
I dropped a dime to the guy
who owned the guns,
pocketed the payoff for that,
and then reached out to have this other
fool come in here shootin'.
And the reason for that being?
To treat this job the way it's treated me.
Take your time, Dornan.
Then we'll talk again.
-(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
-(FOOTSTEPS DEPARTING)
(CLEARS THROAT)
Proud day for all of us.
So you won't want anything to do
with announcing the capture
of these weapons.
No, I’ll stick around for that.
(SIGHS)
(SCOFFS)
(CAR HORN HONKING IN DISTANCE)
Has it ever been that this thing
did make change?
-What do you need?
-JERRY: Change for two bucks,
'cause my willpower's a joke.
(COINS JINGLING)
What, you want me to use a megaphone?
Look, I’m making change.
-I asked around about Dornan.
-I appreciate it.
He went down for improper supervision.
Two cops got caught out of command
while he was patrol supervisor.
Was it legit?
Or did someone reach out to hurt him?
Sorenson, a Black guy
with Dornan's attitude,
works this job 15 years,
he rubs a lot of people wrong.
Now, say without knowing about it,
a guy like that has one
of our field associates under his command.
You guys had a cop
in Dornan's station house?
You wanna ask questions I can't answer?
Or you wanna take the point
I'm trying to make?
Say Dornan's out on patrol
and two of his guys sneak out
of the precinct to do something stupid.
Picking up dry cleaning
or maybe one of them's got
a new goom he wants to impress
drivin' by her beauty parlor
in his sector car.
Anyone lookin' to hurt Dornan...
anyone he's pissed off over 15 years
can use that.
My partner's worried if Dornan got demoted
for reopening the Suarez case,
if maybe some boss took a burn he made
the job look bad.
(SIGHS) I know Sipowicz's wife
was the push behind that.
Yeah, and Andy'd feel awful guilty.
JERRY: Yeah.
I doubt that that was it... (SIGHS)
...someone pissed off over Suarez.
But you can't tell me who did reach out?
Sorenson, you helped me with a case.
You didn't find me unconscious
and carry me from a burning building.
(COINS CLATTERING)
People are gonna start thinkin'
that you don't know how to count.
(CLEARS THROAT) Yeah, right.
-Thanks, Martens.
-JERRY: Yeah.
Hey, you got two dollar bills coming.
Yeah, maybe I was settin' you up
for taking a bribe.
Stranger things have happened.
-(FAUCET SQUEAKING)
-(WATER RUNNING)
BILL: You oughta get that looked at.
I don't need it looked at.
-Did you give that guy a talkin' to?
-We were appropriately stern.
(CHUCKLES) Willis says the guy that owned
the guns whose apartment
we was in, is, uh, headed
for Virginia Beach.
That must be where he's holdin'
this idiot Willis's whole family hostage.
GREG: Nah. As far as why he threw
the shots,
Willis says he was just trying to make
a good impression on this other guy,
get the last payment he owed,
taken off the gun he bought. (GRUNTS)
Martens said that wasn't what Dornan
got jammed for, reopenin' that case.
-So, what did he get jammed for?
-Oh, he wouldn't give me that.
Just said Dornan pissed
a lot of people off.
So this could be
Martens payin' off your solid
without actually givin' you dick,
which would be typical
of this cheese-eater, son of a bitch.
DANNY: That he wouldn't tell me anything
else about it, Andy.
I took Martens's being specific your wife
wasn't involved for reliable.
Far as that goes, he's accurate.
This... this Dornan's hostile attitude...
people get tired of that crap.
Anyway, I hope you don't feel like
I got you out there in harm's way.
Last I looked, I was over 21.
Over 21, pretending you're free and white.
I'm not helping with the execution,
Dornan.
Finish the job you're doin' on yourself
somewhere else.
Yeah.
(EXHALES) Yeah, okay.
(DOOR CLOSING)
(SIGHS)
Yeah. Good workin' with you, Dornan.
Just walk around blamin' other people
for your own miserable shortcomings.
Sipowicz, turn around and be glad
I’d rather drink than beat your balls off.
With me, it was never either-or.
If that's what you want,
let's take it outside.
If that's what I want,
I'll do it right here.
Yeah, right here in the house.
'Cause it's less a fight with me
you're lookin' for
than what that'll get you from the job.
You already got me
in all the job trouble I need.
If that was true, Dornan,
I would take an ass-kickin'
just to make myself feel better,
but I have come to find out it's not.
-No, huh?
-The job did not hurt you
for reopening the Suarez case.
Just my turn to be
Black man in the basket.
That's why they hurt you.
That chip on your shoulder
you're carryin' around.
Of course, if I was white,
that'd be dignity.
Big, blinkin' sign.
"This way to Dornan's chip."
"No activity
without Dornan's chip enterin' in."
I can't stand 'em, always laughin' at me.
For 26 years, I never took that.
The cops that are glad that you flopped
know they can't carry your jockstrap.
They're glad because they know
what I thought of them.
You're gonna throw your career away
to spite assholes like that?
(SIGHS DEEPLY)
Now, I have no regrets
for reaching out on Suarez.
-Thanks.
-Don't thank me for tellin' the truth.
I only did it because it was right.
It's been good enough for 26 years.
It's gonna have to be good enough now.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
-I'll see you tomorrow, John.
-You're leaving?
Yeah.
Good night.
-Where you goin'?
-Home.
You gonna let Graham be the only boss
standin' next to those gun crates
-when they have that press conference?
-You're damn straight.
I'm ashamed we're both bosses.
I'd be ashamed
to be standing there next to him.
You are gonna let Graham
take the boss's credit by himself
even if that makes it look like
some bigger boss sat you down?
-What's that to you?
-(CHUCKLES) Oh. You see...
(SIGHS) ...you people are as crazy
as anybody else.
-Good night.
-Yeah, yeah. Good night.
Make sure they fill out your pass
to let you out tomorrow.
Medavoy, Martinez.
We're through for the day.
Finish your five tomorrow.
-What's up? We're leaving.
-We're leavin'?
-Screw him.
-Who?
Him.
Andy, it wouldn't hurt us gettin'
a little ink
off recovering those crated weapons.
-Then you stay here, Martinez.
-JAMES: No. God forbid
My wife and parents
see me doin' good in the news.
-Your boss authorize your leaving?
-He wasn't around to ask.
You leave me to stand alone
at that press conference,
you're not gonna like
the statement I issue.
Yeah. I read those statements verbatim.
How about standing at a mic
in someone else's house
without even
your own detective next to you?
What kind of statement does that make,
boss?
-Fancy wanted us to do this?
-(SIGHS) No.
This was me shootin' ourselves in the foot
so them people don't think
they got the market cornered.
Oh.
Graham. Cancel the press conference.
Yeah. Okay, thanks.
Foot cop looks to grab up Chavez
off the alarm we put out.
dopey carjacks a cab,
drives it into a dump truck.
Tells the cop in the yard he knew
what we wanted him for.
-(SIGHS) Is he goin' out of the picture?
-Nah. Broken leg and collarbone.
They're operating on him now.
-Can I help you?
-Her.
-DIANE: Hi, Henry.
-HENRY: Yeah, hi.
So, wh... where you want to do this?
In here.
D... did the blowhard leave yet?
I can sit there.
Here. Sit here.
HENRY: A... as far as him dyin',
I'm no good at letters.
No, I understand.
A... as far as the building, uh,
that's goin' okay.
DIANE: Good.
I hope you're not pissed off on that,
him leaving the building in my care.
No. No, I'm... I'm just as glad he did.
Uh... I wanted to update you on the birds,
which he left to me to complicate my life.
Th... there's a list.
That's alphabetized by names
and cross-referenced
to the leg-band numbers.
-I didn't know they had names.
-Well, I gave 'em names.
I got tired of calling out, uh, "118 NPA."
-Bobby used to just say, "him" or "her."
-Well, I gave 'em names.
Sure. That... that's good.
Or, uh, "that one."
He'd say.
-DIANE: Hmm. This looks really thorough.
-HENRY: I... I don't know if you're aware,
-he instructed me to take 'em upstate.
-DIANE: So, they could fly back home?
HENRY: H... he sent me on a jaunt
to New Paltz.
His, uh, goodbye instructions.
I only assume he didn't realize
I'd never been out of the city.
An... anyway, that went okay.
I actually met an old biddy up there
who's coming down next month
for the stamp show.
-Good.
-She runs the, uh, bed-and-breakfast
I stayed at. A dump, that place.
A... Anyway, his letter, uh, said...
k... keep you posted on the birds.
Thanks, Henry.
And generally, I wanted to, you know...
express my sympathy.
Thanks.
That... that he asked...
me keep you posted.
Did he, uh, have more...
y... you were supposed to ask me to do?
(INAUDIBLE)
Okay. Um... so long.
-Did you want this?
-Uh... No. Keep it. I got it on disk.
Is it official yet?
You mean,
your daughter Elvie's being dead?
I notified the insurance
just to get the wheels rolling.
Well, now you have to notify 'em
your daughter's still alive.
-What?
-I guess you not seeing her all this time,
-you forgot what she looked like.
-(GASPS)
That wasn't Elvie in those death photos?
Come here, Mrs. Iglesias.
This is the pokey room, Mrs. Iglesias.
This is the cell where you oughta
be spending the next couple of hours
till you're transported to central booking
and locked up for filin'
a false police report.
-I was sure it was her.
-(GRUNTS) That's crap.
-I was filled with grief.
-You filed a false police report
-with intent to commit fraud.
-I was the beneficiary
to that christening insurance.
I got a whore for a daughter.
You don't think she's dead to me?
Go on! Break my balls!
(SOBS)
Go ahead.
Just, uh, just don't do it again.
(SNIFFLES, SOBS)
They got those shows...
where something happens
and then it turns out different.
Like... "They said she was dead,
but it was all a big mistake."
-What are you talkin' about?
-Like Sally Jesse or whatnot.
"If I could get on...
"then will you come on too?"
"They made a mistake that broke my heart,
but what a relief came after."
"Even if her and me made up,
and she come on, too."
"They didn't talk,
and they hated each other,
"and she had to die to get it better,
and we watched."
That could be a whole hour.
Oprah.
Is your daughter so dead to you,
you don't wanna know how she's doin'?
No. How is she?
She's okay.
Don't hang around too long.
Anyway, um...
I was thinking, after you left,
probably Bobby would want you
to stay in touch on, um, how the birds are
and things at the building.
Maybe once a week or so you could call,
or, uh, we could have coffee.
Anyway, Henry. You take care.
Hears chapter and verse, this...
this Dornan, you know?
The favor he did me was not the culprit
for his career disaster.
He still walks away with Plymouth Rock
on his shoulder.
Andy, he's gonna harbor resentment
gettin' flopped.
How you gonna understand
this other lunatic?
He walks away
from his own press conference.
I tell you, you could live amongst them
for years and not fathom that.
We walked away too.
Hey, you back your boss's play
just like you'd want him to back you.
-What the hell is this now?
-Looks like the boss buyin' a beer.
This guy goes home. He's a family man.
This Dornan was sayin'
he was gonna go for a drink.
Don't look like he's waiting for anybody.
I'm goin' over.
If he don't seem hostile, then join us.
(CLEARING THROAT)
Yeah. I got your back.
-How's it goin'?
-What's goin' on?
(CLEARING THROAT)
-You'd as soon be by yourself?
-No. Go ahead.
I'm in here with Sorenson.
So, uh, how was the press conference?
We didn't go to that.
-Hey, boss.
-Hey, Danny.
-So, why didn't you go?
-Dornan split, you split.
We'd have been standing there
with a bunch of rifles
and that glory-hound tube-steak Graham.
You figure we don't got scruples too?
You think you're better than we are?
You lettin' the traffic thin out?
It's the damnedest thing.
I'm afraid to go home.
Yeah. I know what that's like.
What are you afraid about?
Tellin' my wife I got wounded.
(CHUCKLES SARCASTICALLY)
-That you were out there taking chances.
-Yeah.
ANDY: Manys are the night she'd have loved
me hit with a falling safe,
my, uh, first wife...
but she was always afraid I'd be shot.
I didn't mean to bring up
unhappy memories, Andy.
No, I understand.
Andy lost his grown son
in a street shooting.
I'm sorry.
He was on the job in Hackensack.
He died a hero, Andy's son.
(SOFT MELANCHOLIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(MUSIC CONCLUDES)
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)